doc/source/howto/sensors/measurements/list.rst, before:

Get measurements for sensor
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Every `Sensor` model has access to the measurement methods. You can get list of measurements for specified sensor:

.. code-block:: javascript

    let api = new SensorlabApi();
    api.sensors.one(sensor_id)
             .then((sensor) => {
                sensor.measurements.list(options).then((measurements_result) => {
                    console.log(measurements_result);
                });
             });

On success you will get promise with `MeasurementsResponse` object.

.. code-block:: javascript

    sensor.measurements.list(options)
             .then((measurements_response) => {
                console.log(measurements_response.page);
                console.log(measurements_response.count);
                console.log(measurements_response.measurements);
             });

Parameters of `MeasurementsResponse`:

    - `page` - amount of pages available.
    - `count` - amount of measurements total.
    - `measurements` - an array of measurements on this page. This is an array of `Measurements` models objects.

You can provide `options` as an object with this parameters:

    - `page` - by default will 1.
    - `type` - filter by measurement type.
    - `sort` - sorting parameter, looks like "`fieldname,order`". Example: "`name,asc`"
        Possible sort fields:
            - `created`
            - `type`
            - `value`
        Possible order types:
            - `asc`
            - `desc`

Method will throw ApiResponse as exception on any error.

.. code-block:: javascript

    sensor.measurements.list(options)
             .catch((response) => {
                console.log(response.status);
             });

Output::

    401

There are no codes or special error for this action. ApiResponse will have status `401` with message `Unauthorized` if credentials are wrong.

Commit message:

Docs updated for measurements validation errors and new pagination

doc/source/howto/sensors/measurements/list.rst, after:

Get measurements for sensor
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Every `Sensor` model has access to the measurement methods. You can get list of measurements for specified sensor:

.. code-block:: javascript

    let api = new SensorlabApi();
    api.sensors.one(sensor_id)
             .then((sensor) => {
                sensor.measurements.list(options).then((measurements_result) => {
                    console.log(measurements_result);
                });
             });

On success you will get promise with `MeasurementsResponse` object.

.. code-block:: javascript

    sensor.measurements.list(options)
             .then((measurements_response) => {
                console.log(measurements_response.page);
                console.log(measurements_response.count);
                console.log(measurements_response.measurements);
             });

Parameters of `MeasurementsResponse`:

    - `next` - next measurement id for pagination.
    - `prev` - previous measurement id for pagination.
    - `measurements` - an array of measurements on this page. This is an array of `Measurements` models objects.

You can provide `options` as an object with this parameters:

    - `next` - by default will null.
    - `type` - filter by measurement type.
    - `sensor_id` - filter by sensor id.

Method will throw ApiResponse as exception on any error.

.. code-block:: javascript

    let api = new SensorlabApi();
    api.measurements.list()
             .catch((response) => {
                console.log(response.code);
                console.log(response.status);
                console.log(response.success);
                console.log(response.message);
                response.errors.forEach((error) => { //validation errors
                   console.log(error.code);
                   console.log(error.message);
                   console.log(error.param);
                });
             });

Codes and messages for validation errors:

    - `code=1` - `field=sensor_id` - `This is not correct id format.`.
    - `code=2` - `field=next` - `This is not correct id format.`.

.. note:: Messages are just text information and can be changed by developers.

ApiResponse will have status `401` with `message`=`Unauthorized` if credentials are wrong.

Action will throw `ApiResponse` with status=`422` on validation error.
