doc/source/howto/sensors/list.rst, before:

Get sensors list
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can get sensors list for authenticated user like this:

.. code-block:: javascript

    let api = new SensorlabApi();
    api.sensors.list(options)
             .then((sensors_response) => {
                console.log(sensors_response);
             })
             .catch((response) => {
                console.log(response);
             });

On success you will get promise with `SensorsResponse` object.

.. code-block:: javascript

    let api = new SensorlabApi();
    api.sensors.list(options)
             .then((sensors_response) => {
                console.log(sensors_response.page);
                console.log(sensors_response.count);
                console.log(sensors_response.sensors);
             });

Parameters of `SensorsResponse`:

    - `page` - amount of pages available
    - `count` - amount of sensors
    - `sensors` - an array of sensors on this page. This is an array of `Sensor` models objects.

You can provide `options` as an object with this parameters:

    - `page` - by default will 1.
    - `name` - filter sensors by name.
    - `uniqueid` - filter by uniqueid.
    - `imei` - filter by imei.
    - `sort` - sorting parameter, looks like "`fieldname,order`". Example: "`name,asc`"
        Possible sort fields:
            - `name`
            - `created`
        Possible order types:
            - `asc`
            - `desc`

All options filter parameters can be used at the same time, but it will search with "AND" condition.

Method will throw ApiResponse as exception on any error.

.. code-block:: javascript

    let api = new SensorlabApi();
    api.sensors.list(options)
             .catch((response) => {
                console.log(response.status);
             });

Output::

    401

There are no codes or special error for this action. ApiResponse will have status `401` with message `Unauthorized` if credentials are wrong.

Commit message:

Updated docs - added sensor's paramters

doc/source/howto/sensors/list.rst, after:

Get sensors list
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can get sensors list for authenticated user like this:

.. code-block:: javascript

    let api = new SensorlabApi();
    api.sensors.list(options)
             .then((sensors_response) => {
                console.log(sensors_response);
             })
             .catch((response) => {
                console.log(response);
             });

On success you will get promise with `SensorsResponse` object.

.. code-block:: javascript

    let api = new SensorlabApi();
    api.sensors.list(options)
             .then((sensors_response) => {
                console.log(sensors_response.page);
                console.log(sensors_response.count);
                console.log(sensors_response.sensors);
             });

Parameters of `SensorsResponse`:

    - `page` - amount of pages available
    - `count` - amount of sensors
    - `sensors` - an array of sensors on this page. This is an array of `Sensor` models objects.

Parameters of `Sensor`:

    - `id` - id in the database.
    - `uniqueid` - uniqueid parameter.
    - `imei` - Sensor's imei.
    - `name` - Sensor's name.
    - `batteryCharge` - Sensor's battery charge in percent.
    - `isBatteryCharging` - Indicates if battery is charging or not.
    - `isOnline` - Indicates if sensor is online and sending data or not.

You can provide `options` as an object with this parameters:

    - `page` - by default will 1.
    - `name` - filter sensors by name.
    - `uniqueid` - filter by uniqueid.
    - `imei` - filter by imei.
    - `sort` - sorting parameter, looks like "`fieldname,order`". Example: "`name,asc`"
        Possible sort fields:
            - `name`
            - `created`
        Possible order types:
            - `asc`
            - `desc`

All options filter parameters can be used at the same time, but it will search with "AND" condition.

Method will throw ApiResponse as exception on any error.

.. code-block:: javascript

    let api = new SensorlabApi();
    api.sensors.list(options)
             .catch((response) => {
                console.log(response.status);
             });

Output::

    401

There are no codes or special error for this action. ApiResponse will have status `401` with message `Unauthorized` if credentials are wrong.
